Since rc-1.5b2 was released, many fixes have been made to the
autoconfiguration code, some of them critical.  One problem (which I
introduced) was found in minutes with ElectricFence: I had spent several
hours failing to find it with other tools.

A few bugs in the rc code itself have been fixed.  These were mostly
obscure.  I could not have tracked them down so quickly without Source
Navigator---it's a great way to find your way around code (plug!).

rc now uses GNU automake.  Although I feel that automake is sticking
plaster to mend a broken leg, it has made my job as maintainer easier.
(Errm, apart from tracking down bugs in automake itself, and Perl, that
is.)  For people building rc, it's now possible (depending on your
flavour of `make') to build in a separate directory from the source.

Creeping featurism: rc now has a `-V' switch to report its version
number.

The detection of signal names has been completely revised.  Vincent Broman
suggested this, and contributed mksignal.c.

The interaction with readline has been redone, principally to work
around bugs in the readline library.  Tom Culliton persuaded me of
the need for this, and his patches to an earlier version of rc became
readline.c.

I rewrote addon.[ch] to provide a more useful example of adding extra
builtins.

The rc build system no longer considers running `yacc': parse.y is for
information only.  The supplied y.tab.[ch] were built with Berkeley
`yacc', and lightly edited to remove a few gcc warnings.  This idea was
suggested by Gert-Jan Vons.

Binaries of rc-1.5b3 are typically a few kilobytes smaller than 1.5b2.
I believe this is due to improved autoconfiguration: we are now much
more careful only to include code that will be used.

rc-1.5b3 will build under the beta19 release of CygWin32.  It won't run
trip.rc successfully, and does not appear to be very stable.

See ChangeLog for more details.

Tim Goodwin
1998-07-27
